hey everybody welcome back to nor the
line please defining class sketch worth
plus I have bad news for you
I got rerun and then when I got rerun it
gave me a million percent which means
that I have unlocked every achievement
in the game
why is there no rerun video well there
actually is a rerun video it's two
gigabytes and it's corrupted it will not
play in VLC I've remarked it to mp4 I've
converted it I've you know dumb within
the scope of my video repairing skills
things that have worked previously in
the past I think it is just gone the
data is there but something's messed up
so it is it exists on my computer at
least at the present moment maybe one
day I will figure out a cure it's
cryogenically frozen but rest assured it
did happen but did they believe me which
is you seem achieve and managed you're
ok now
I mean you can see wait wait wait wait
this is the run that I was on I guess I
can show you this for like 10 seconds so
you at least know that it actually like
exists here
this was the run as you can see it's on
the fourth rerun right there it's
actually if I remember correctly it's
really bad right now because I lost some
items doesn't look that bad but it's
much worse than it was I was doing some
loops in like two seconds here but
anyway this is my rerun run over even
Ruby Redmond we're gonna do the daily
today as Kane apparently people tweeted
me in this at today's daily is fun
that's not why I'm doing it I'm doing it
because the start of the day I want to
get back in my daily Isaac meditation
looks like scores today closer --ax
sixth place with a fifty four thousand
score that's very good with fifty four
thousand she's the suffix daily master
okay yesterday
579 6.8 six percent that's fair
I missed the seem today let's do better
so this one is a seamless which is
actually extremely nice because I do
think by and large I tend to play better
on the seamless daily so I tend to rank
better
on the seamless dailies it's probably
because I'm the highest skill Isak
player on planet earth so it's a tough
call actually so you know the only way I
could not come in first on a daily is
when some cheesy stuff happens like oh
it's supposed to go just a mom but if
you put your finger in the right spot
and tickle until my face turns blue then
you get to go down to the you know the
womb and about that lifestyle that's
obviously me being a little bit
facetious if you got suspicious on your
NL bingo card make sure to put an X
there but yeah I mean a lot of some
videos yesterday it's frustrating but
life goes on basically you know it's
nice to have like a job even when you
lose a day or half a day of work yeah
you know it could be worse life goes on
I get to have a good excuse to play a
little bit more Isaac today and those
episodes were junk anyway they actually
weren't the rerun episode was like again
90 minutes long so that one hurts to
lose and then I had like a random Eden
run that was like 55 minutes long and
hurts to lose a little bit as well maybe
I shouldn't have spent so much money but
I'm trying to get the blood bag because
the speed upgrade pays dividends an
extra HP don't hurt either but you don't
really want Baltar lying card on the
other hand I can't imagine ever
finishing this run and being like why
did we take blank card the only
exception is if there's an amazing item
like elsewhere close close to the blood
bank level here an amazing item
elsewhere deeper in the reroll chain
there but blank card is great for
winning and also great for getting
better daily scores if you can get you
know the two of cards or anything of
that sort so we just want to get over
five cents although I'll admit it would
be nice if we could also grab you know
the blood bag even the IV bag
temporarily might be fine we have three
bombs I have no idea where the secret
room would be I'm going to guess it's
probably here but with three bombs I'd
rather look for the second secret room
seems a little bit easier to swing and
we may want to go to the shop and buy a
tarot card but I guess we'll wait till
the next floor just so we can guarantee
ourselves the the best chance to also
get an arcade along with it again like
without knowing what's in the shops all
shops are equal right now so we might as
well wait for the next one it's just as
likely to have you know like the Sun or
the Joker or something like that as the
one that we have on this floor with the
added incentive of actually being able
to get a blood bank out of it as well so
um good daily scores today 54,000 is
excellent that's urge to score top score
is like fifty or sixty one thousand I
should say don't think I've ever had a
score in the 60s so don't get your hopes
up too much but maybe today's the day
probably not but maybe today's the day
grab this and then you know this is
actually something we probably shouldn't
do because we're running out of time but
I'm going to do it nonetheless I'm going
to play this thing two more times there
is definitely a case to be made let's
just go I we could go back for the shop
here but I think it's the right idea to
get a move on um there's a case to be
made that we should take child's heart
however I'm hoping that we get something
that actually we should check it right
away I'm hoping that we get something
that makes a blank card year out blank
card year a blank card blank room we're
going to Yara it gives us another blank
room we get a Huggle oz and a pair throw
then we got two years sitting on the
ground so blank Rd row is obviously
amazing what I was getting at is I hope
we get Guppies tails so that we can open
all these golden chests for free I think
it will probably pay dividends more than
anything else right now but anyway this
is a really really really good situation
remember the sensible approach that you
should take to a year arune with blank
card and that is you should double stuff
up like all in one room we're unlikely
to really want
the era rune to double anything of value
right now like on this floor per throws
different is use it on like a deal with
the devil but right now we have no real
design if we could pursue that that'd be
nice but we did lose our per throw room
because it was blank rune okay is coming
some slack self but yarrow we can afford
to use pretty much as much for
consumables as we would like because I
mean this actually already allows us to
get unlimited balms and keys so you
really should go hard on this one again
I assume that basically everybody is
going to probably get to the point where
they're doing this on today's daily and
that's fine if you look at that score
tick up this is incredible
throw a bomb down I mean we have
infinity so not feeling too bad about
that skin 299 keys and then you're good
to go um I'll tell you what place a bomb
don't take too much time here obviously
replace a bomb because we want to see if
we can get some money they still might
give us points they do still give us
points so we should grab them you can
always create you know again infinity
more later so this is definitely one of
the highest scores I've ever had this
early on and a run alright so we'll
never have to worry about any consumable
except for money again if we see money
on the ground we should just double it
right away remember we can't blow up a
donation machine or anything like that
well first off go to the shop because if
there's a battery charge in the shop
yeah you just pop the aera and now you
have infinite consumables so now we have
unlimited money as well
double it once more and I want to see
what we get out of our cards here
it's a joker card I'm just going to use
it basically because we can and there's
Guppies tail we don't really want the
razor blade we obviously want to stick
with yera but first let's get to 99
cents we this is actually more dangerous
than it looks right now and the reason
for that is very simple it's going to be
very tempting to take forever here in
fact I think we should just go but we
need we need to take Gera with us and
it's because we have time we are we have
we have space rather it's maybe a better
way to put it we have no worries about
that being like a last shop that's good
sure I understand that is a reroll
machine in it but we we can't let
ourselves get twisted up in there for
too too long because it's going to take
you know 100 million years for us to
finish that so I think we've got to make
sure that we're still on pace for boss
rush sure being able to buy like
unlimited items from the shop would
probably do so but better safe than
sorry I think we will take caffeine pill
the speed pills should pay dividends
health up is fine we still don't want
razorblade let's go so being only like a
minute behind schedule here is totally
ok you should keep this right off the
bat and see what we get I don't really
want to hear that that seems like a bad
Yara
yeah I don't really see this being
anything but awesome right now again
we've almost reached the swag bonus cap
for like everything is it worth a bomb
to never have to spend a key on this
floor I mean numerically doubtlessly yes
stop taking so much damage though we
could start doubling early but I think
that rather wait for a room that's you
know to skip some of the doublings for
me this room is actually totally fine
for doing that now hmm not very proud of
my performance there we have to and and
should guppies head
guppies head able useless faiths reward
not as useless as able but not very good
now what's the problem with this run
again I would never suggest that we're
in a bad spot that would be
intellectually dishonest but what we are
is physically underpowered
we're like a powerful sorcerer but we
lack the ability to succeed in like
Hanahan combat right now and in the end
that's what Isaac comes down to you know
is having to kill some enemies sometimes
those enemies can even be a little
difficult it's easy to forget but I
don't know we'll see how things go here
I don't want to make a catastrophic
mistake with my trinket like I think
we've got a great trinket but we do also
have 99 keys and the ability to get
unlimited keys in the future but I also
don't think we really need to get a
charge like the charge penny or whatever
it's called a good black bean
we also yeah nevermind we have golden
keys already touched on that we didn't
go to the secret rooms last floor either
did we gonna be taking pills just
basically because we can but yeah I'm a
hoping and and maybe this is a situation
in which we should have taken the Joker
card or we should have mind our shop to
try to get to deep pockets or a starter
deck cause I'd like to hold a Joker card
with blank card and a year a room with
blank cards so beggars in this case can
be choosers where are you we sort of
have unlimited resources so we should go
back and double even though it's going
to make us a little bit behind schedule
you know it's I think we're swinging for
the fences on this run I really think we
have a chance to be you know in that
upper echelon basically I don't want to
be negative to you but if you didn't
take blank card in that first item room
if you had a little bit of a brain fart
or you undervalue that item for whatever
reason you're going to cost yourself
big-time NF sucks but it's also the way
the cookie crumbles on dailies you know
I played really well I saw it on
yesterday's daily and I ranked pretty
badly because of the fact that I missed
the scene so one little you know flap of
a butterfly's wings can have a
catastrophic impacts on these dailies
here got to buy mom's bottle of pills
full health pill it's nice to know it
exists at least but I mean again with
the blank card era we could double
everything in there every consumable at
least but none of them can really be
held so we don't really care and again
I'm leaving the penny on the ground
because I do have a good reason I'm just
trying to make sure I don't get hit here
I'm leaving the penny on the ground
because we have unlimited pennies inside
of us right now that's a weird way to
explain that but you get what I mean
like we have no shortage of pennies we
can create infinity pennies what we
can't create is more time though
so speed is of the essence right now you
know Gavin Rossdale of Bush did say
speed kills if you know what I mean but
in this case maybe it should be more
about pace but we can't call the song
pace kills because we'll get sued to
Christ by the salsa company so I
understand the Rossdale conundrum that
was bad damage binky is fine thank you
for the tears up we'll take both of
these contract from below is actually
pretty good on dailies mom's knife is
wonderful okay so all of our damage
related concerns are now gone we and
this is not meant to be too much of an
exaggeration we should never get hit
again though by anything that isn't us
going into curse rooms for example and
we do want to go into curse rooms
because we got the guppy dream even if
we do have mom's knife the guppy dream
is worth pursuing in my opinion at least
what should we double probably spirit
hearts right away seems like the
sensible call but in a way we've almost
like we priced ourselves out of doubling
because we don't need to do it anymore
but we should maybe open the golden
chest I kind of wish I could fly around
them but those contain trinkets it's not
bad to mill for trinkets see that was I
tried to out think dirty that's your
principal mistake right there
take this we don't need to double then
world card world card
in tales of derring-do good vision
Worldcon with who just to take as I must
find you in the Isaac let me find you
and please give me unlimited HP dang gas
will who man what's our luck that is one
I'm not complaining
I'm just observing feels like I'm not
really getting that much in the way of
consumable drops at the same time we can
create unlimited consumable drops
through the power of you know our
unlimited resources but yeah that was
probably the worst conceived dodge in
Isaac history very lucky to have not
been penalized for it
let's go peep this ooh
that's the good gravy okay so
unfortunately we can't like yera
the gift but we can yera lucky pennies
to get like an extremely good luck stead
and also money so how much luck do we
want I mean how much you got basically
I'm going to buy that 15 cent item
obviously I actually just I don't know
if I can handle it here this this is
silly the range ups are largely
irrelevant
I want to avoid crossing the level of
absurdity right like we also still have
to get out of this floor I want to keep
that in mind I don't care about doubling
a Lucky Penny sure we could get more
than 31 lucky you're not wrong 31 luck
for all intents and purposes is infinite
though and we got to go like actually if
we want to make boss rush we have to go
I'm going to take solace in the fact
that on that floor we've got
31 luck up graves that seems like pretty
good value and then I'm going to move
along here because we are about a minute
and a half behind schedule it didn't go
to the curse room on that floor and I
will carry that regret to my dying day
but should a year at this because
they're free to open right like the
other ones got to have the Kiera font as
well yeah we should always ierra
like golden chests if they show up we've
already gotten two of the worst golden
chest items so it's unlikely that
they're not going to be sweet as heck
well one things are sure on the lam
floor I'd be expecting to get some items
with 32 luck I don't really want this
but I'll tell you what now that's the
good stuff right there right there tears
down fairly irrelevant pretty flies good
and keep moving again shops good item
room already done progress progress is
the big deal here let's crack on these
while we can the lock ups are probably
not necessarily worth it right now in
fact the money is not worth it either
keep in mind we have as many points as I
often have after I beat boss rush if the
boss rush is particularly heinous so I
am zero percent sweating our points
right now what I might be sweating a
little bit is our ability to make it the
boss rush in if we have it all the tools
of the trade but we don't make it the
boss rush then to some extent this is
all for naught but we're going to make
it considering we're roughly on pace we
should be fine okay there was actually
like a good
option here I'm gonna take Kim bean
conception as well but yeah Rawdon are
sorry experimental treatment worked out
for us I went big on the deal with the
devil and that's because of single
spirit heart is infinite spirit hearts
for us we can't create the first one out
of thin air but if we ever see one
you know we're set now it's not worth it
I mean it is but we can't justify it
the damage is unnecessary and that could
be extremely relevant right now like
these are not even worth picking up from
a point standpoint from a consumable
standpoint we're already at 99 bombs so
it's also irrelevant Europe on Hank Ben
the other thing a hero phone card just
gives us everything we need as well
we're actually I shouldn't have been as
anxious as I was way ahead of schedule
much more than it might originally seem
I thought maybe this is going to ask me
to reroll my whole run I think we got a
great case to not do that that's going
to be our yera
repository I think right there because
we need the spirit hearts
purity is pretty good I might have been
ignoring secret rooms by the way which
is a pretty bad play in our present
situation there's really no reason at
all though we were I felt pressed for
time whether or not we were is debatable
but I felt pressed for time for a while
so it's not like it was done maliciously
now we should continue to move on but
just make sure you go back to the
spirits however many there are
hopefully the shop is in this direction
as well go on somewhat skeptical rarely
I think our secret rooms the difference
between a great rank and a bad rank so I
[Music]
just hope this isn't one of those
dailies where you know the way that you
get an extra five thousand points is you
just stand and double the same room
forever and then you recognize that you
get like still one point more from every
penny than you lose in the time it takes
to pick it up so it becomes just kind of
like needlessly match the space bar over
and over pick up a battery let the
pennies absorb themselves on to you you
get the idea if it's like that it's like
that okay I think we've already
benefited a lot from this item the
combination I should say but we're
taking these because we're honestly
bereft of time to come back keep
reminding you do you want to do boss
rush as well keep in mind after doing
boss rush you wanted to hush and we will
do hush because I can't imagine us being
slowed down too much here this has to be
the right way I mean it's not that it
must be the right way it's that if it is
in the right way we're in a tough spot
so last two things your second secret
room shouldn't hold us back too much and
then secondly if I can get a better deal
with the devil chance here I would like
to and we'll take Bombay I will take it
a health up it's not going to be useful
right now but we're getting the negative
anyway if I can get a red heart
then we can trade it away to our deal if
it's Krampus Krampus oh it's not that
bad we'll take we'll take a headless
baby I think it's irrelevant wait we got
the Polaroid instead of the negative so
we're lucky we got we were able to get
rid of that like that okay so very
important boss rush to things double any
consumable that you see that you can
pick up because it's better to start the
doubling early yes even that bomb I
think again I'll then the other thing
was going to be don't get hit the thing
is like what I was just saying is it's
possible picking up a bomb only gives us
three points right now but if it only
takes us half of a point of time to get
it then that seems extraordinarily worth
it right and also we're doubling all
consumables so if there's ever anything
here that I'm missing like maybe there's
a spirit art on the ground that could be
valuable although I would hazard a guess
it's unlikely to make an enormous
difference right now oh there's our
spirit hard I picked up a bomb and then
to dodge one of the bombs I stupidly
walked on creep or just got hit by the
enemy not too shrewd on my part
this is fine a little crowded but
completely fine just watch out for beam
based enemies like that a no disrespect
for your service but I'm a twitch
streamer get me out of your element
which tree okay what do you guys what do
you got for me I'll wait how long are
you going to make me wait though I keep
getting confused and again I take
responsibility for this but we can't fly
it feels like we should be able to fly
just because we're so powerful in like
every other area of the game also boss
rush becoming a little complicated here
just a lot a lot of stuff on the screen
I think I walked on creep there is there
an enemy under the under the soil
oh it's war
I can't be sure that we're actually
gaining points out of our incredibly
strange gambit but do it if you could
just make that happen for me on a
regular basis I'm in so now I think I'm
going to stop doubling and it's really
just because I'm worried about crashing
the game thank you for breaking all the
TNT okay we have Maggie's bow I think we
do not care about Maggie's bow so we're
just going to Maggie's go like that was
still like another 50 something points
there it is worth it to pick up the
bombs at least when they're extremely
close together like this man not the way
I want to live my life though okay let's
get out of here
no tinted rocks going down to the next
floor have taken some damage but I
really am like 4k above where I normally
am at this point if you want to rank
well on a daily beat your average score
but okay watch me unravel take ten
damage on suit and we actually should
not take any damage on Satan here
because if we fight Satan something's
gone terribly wrong also lying on the
floor lying on the floor I come on done
I want to double that Blanc Rd era is
still the bee's knees once we get down
to the chest I'm assuming we're getting
two chests per room thanks 232 luck and
contract from below and then on top of
that we're going to throw in like the
added ability to yera that not saying
we're getting four chests per room I'm
just saying maybe we're going to get
four chests per room oh you got to take
a spider bite
if there's anything we need on this run
of course like even with moms knife I
still am chasing that guppy dream sad
bombs we got 99 bombs so and we will
probably got 999 bombs at this point but
should really just get the ability to
fly if possible so I think we should use
this go in where we get juice beer it's
okay in a not a teleca's I'm excited
it's okay friends the end is okay I'm
going to leave grab this
use it grab this well played need to
make it to the hush fight we could also
in you know I'm not complaining he says
before complaining every time but I'm
not complaining we could use a little
bit more damage though right like seven
damage mom's knife it's killing things
quickly you don't need a whole lot of
damage to succeed with moms knife but
there's room to improve
the astute amongst you may have just
recognized that that's a visual tell it
indicates I got a Skype message it's a
very nice one it's from Bayer taffy it
says I'm glad you're not dead just about
the nicest thing anyone's ever said it's
not to me it says Austin it was gotten
over his bout of dysentery or whatever
those of you keeping score Bayer taffy
also says I got the true ending in
hollow Knight and then he gave it to
okay signs like that so that's good and
then he says the white palace though and
he gave that a thumbs down this is what
everyone's like you got to do the true
ending in Holland I it's so wonderful
and I'm started making progress in that
direction then they go yeah but like the
white palace does suck but I guess you
know it's a rite of passage you know
it's like everyone's like you know
college is great exams suck though yeah
you got to go through the exams to get
the degree the juice is worth the
squeeze
so we're almost got but you got a 72%
chance of a deal with the devil that
could take us to the next level here as
well
and we should make the Hajj fun I'm just
trying to look at like our score right
now I do think I don't want curses at
our obviously but I do think there's a
chance we could hit fifty something
thousand whatever cervix is at fifty
four thousand not to like just be
competitive I mean of course it is a
little bit of competitive spirit in me
as well search is a very good daily
player very good player in general let's
bookworm it would be nice to have a
score that's competitive with her for
certain however it's also just a good
kind of barometer for how we're doing on
this run I think we will unfortunately
be dealing with a damage penalty that's
a little higher than we'd expect the
average to be near the top of the
leaderboards here so that might preclude
us from really reaching for the for the
sky but try nonetheless who knows maybe
we even got a leg up on the competition
somewhere that I'm unaware of I haven't
taken any damage down here either so
well that's not true but we haven't
taken any unproductive damage down here
we got hit on the curse room but of
course ok slightly nerve-wracking that
we have found ourselves at a dead end
but not to worry some again it's as long
as you're using your time productively
it's optimal to get into the the time
gated rooms like the second before they
expire it means you got to do more on
the floor previous you know you maximize
your point totals there however it is
unfortunate that the optimal outcome is
right next to the most suboptimal
outcome which is not making it like at
all
so like again this is a good idea but an
idea that sort of annoys me but just
don't get trapped on this room look at
the points though look at the points
very very slowly increase so we got a
few extra hundred points out of that at
the cost of some very very important
time would I do it again yes I really
think wherever we can find the
opportunity to slightly you know what we
actually have to go increase our chances
the better we're going to say this isn't
a boss fight we're in L dude that was
actually a horrible showing on my part
but that's okay just beat mom's heart
make it to the hush fight don't die we
actually lost like 600 points while
having to go faster it's okay so void is
theoretically worth it but I don't think
it is in this case the cost of the extra
three spirit arts might not be worth the
additional value that we receive here
could be wrong
so I mean obviously you have to take the
taro cloth it's a card yet the taro
cloth is just incredible for us um you
definitely want a homing knives our rate
of fire is largely irrelevant zodiacs
okay but I think you want halo of flies
maybe we should actually double the
chess because it's not going to double
them it's going to multiply them by like
a hundred thousand we have taro clock oh
it doesn't work with blank cards okay
well noted disappointing but noted
kind of hoping for some spirit odds we
should be fine either way
go ahead actually there's no reason to
take Steven there is you want the damage
permanently and Pandora's box does
nothing for us here so let's move along
this is another important fight because
I kinda I wouldn't say I Bob stood too
much at the end of the last floor but I
took damage that was unnecessary to take
by pretty much any you know conventional
human measurement so to make up for by
not getting hit or not taking
unnecessary damage on the hush fight
would be a start
things are going to start to move real
fast after this we've we've done
everything we need to do we've checked
the boxes I think I tend to play faster
than average which actually leads to me
having usually a pretty big advantage on
dailies because it's it's normally not
too much of a problem to make these
these time gated rooms and this is no
exception but I'm assuming that probably
you know everybody on planet Earth was
able to do that today I got freaked out
I was standing in what I thought was a
good location and then I got freaked out
dude we didn't get hit those so nothing
to worry about yet might not be safe but
halo of flies is doing a bang-up job
what's coming next beams of light no not
beams of light all right so we're
definitely not go oh this sucks
yeah did that to myself 100% doubled
back you never double back on that
attack that was kind of a he's done its
style moment there dude that dodge was
excellent okay so we're going to the
Cathedral now again another Cathedral to
me it doesn't even really make any sense
at all we're still waiting on the gappi
dream and I'm hoping this is our moment
but we'll see well see it's not a moment
but there is a spirit heart so you know
what this becomes yarrow 101 right here
I think it's a little too early to
estimate my score but I wouldn't be
surprised to see myself in the 50,000th
if we're in the 50,000 I wouldn't be
surprised to see yourself in the top 100
which is as good as I can ever ask for
not as good as I can ever get but as
good as I can ever ask for because
there's a lot of you know very instant
unknown stuff that goes into those
mercurial high scores and that sounds
like I'm suggesting cheating but I'm not
but you know I know some advanced level
techniques there is some like you know
theoretical physicist level techniques
that I'm unfamiliar with so what should
we do on this floor keep doubling those
spirit oh it's just in case and also
because they give you one of the few
ways to actually get points but for
consumables but also we should be
looking for secret rooms and we should
explore absolutely everything I have to
exercise my constitutional right to vote
a little later but we can you know
politics can wait
what's its early voting how Canadians
can you be oh that might be late for
early voting I'm not going to be late it
runs for like you know 10 hours of
something wait we have a charge why not
open every golden chest in existence
after willing them into existence as as
follows here well there is one reason
again could crash the game could
accidentally lose the era rune there is
a little risk not much but a little risk
built-in eventually I think you stopped
getting any points for uh for swag so
we've got to be coming close to that I
think of all the consumables we picked
up the least money
self-sacrifice room doesn't give us what
we need on this right there just lowers
our point total and of course it does
take us some time to go back here and
double every single time is this our
moment sure well you know what why not
do okay so for those of you following
northernlion skype corner good friend
robert AKA alpaca patrol is just linked
a picture of a birthday cake with a very
poorly drawn Bart Simpson on it and the
text on it says eat pants you know play
on is very popular catchphrase eat my
shorts
[Music]
well we've gained a few points just a
few hundred but I don't know if I
believe that we gained something from
coming into that room because we were
not at forty one thousand and we're
still not but we're a little closer it
seems like we hit diminishing returns
there after a point I think it's fair to
say get out of here with your eat pant
bullshit Robert I don't care about a
pant okay
infamy
that's not bad by opening that chest
we lost like 30 points how does this
such a thing even happen here I don't
understand like it seems like it's
actually starting to be good not to open
chests like like they're actually not
paying dividends anymore we're going to
enter into a weird situation pretty soon
by the way like first off we definitely
do not want that and r.i.p anybody who
accidentally picks that up right now
sure sure no no um you you are a moron
man no secret room where could it be
oh my could it be now like all of our
extra progress was destroyed by walking
into that blue fire that really chaps my
lips oh dude this does not though I've
been asking for this for a hundred years
thank you so much okay so we're
basically done with this run right now
except on the next floor we have to make
a decision are we going - oh that was
close are we going to grind out points
or are we going to be as Amy boy
and are we going to double every single
item that we come across and pick them
all up regardless of whether or not
they're transformative because it will
cost us points but it will be more fun
assuming the synergies actually makes
sense so sure we could have gotten more
items by leaving this but I'm not going
to d4 that's madness
I can't believe we didn't get to be owls
above transformation either but
I'm thinking we're not even going to be
in the fifty thousands on this one but
it's close I think we'll probably be in
the extremely high 40s so I I don't know
top hundred might be a little bit of a
stretch sadly due by the way I have
thirty three luck where's all my chest
have I like created an overflow error or
something there they are
well if we're not going to get chests
every room it was already mathematically
smarter to just double one room instead
of doubling multiple rooms but still
pretty fly is all right they're just an
aberration we got the Beelzebub
transformation bomber boy is terrible
let's go
also Seraphim we're losing like 50
points per item these enemies are very
rare had no idea the secret room is here
50 points per item is no joke
we should really only take stuff that's
actually dynamite then no oh god I'm
trapped in the pit of breakfast escape
escape I mean the cancer item is
probably pretty good for us as well yeah
that's too much stop talking about eat
the hand I don't care
why'd you leave the keys up on the table
go on through this might have cost us
like a thousand points total you know
what that's okay look at our fates
reward has never been so happy are you
seeing the wonderful face reward action
that he's got going on here why did I
use Yara by the way I had to rid myself
of the monkey's paw yeah we can take
that that's not gummy that also ain't
Falco I think we need to get ourselves
out of this floor as quickly as possible
or I'm I can't resist taking items is my
kryptonite dude it always makes Isaac
more fun when you take items easy plays
we're done I'd say top 150 we're 47th
that's pretty good
I can live with that for now thanks for
watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
upside a great deal of course subscribe
if you want to see more in the future
for now thanks for watching and I'll see
you next time